I'm working from home until the weather clears
Had to fix a bug this morning before leaving, going to be a little late as a result
Looking for 3 condos for sale from co op
I woke up late, sorry.
Hey guys, I've got a tornado warning going on around down here.
There are accidents on I-95. I'm running a few minute late this morning.
Looking at 3 condos for sale with realtor
I'm running a few minutes late this morning
Running late. Traffic
Colin is not available until June 4, 2017
Gotta pick up my mom from the airport
It's a Day
I've got a court date in Juneau, Alaska
My car needed an oil change, so WFH
I'm moving this weekend and have a lot of loose ends to clean up, so WFH
Furniture is being delivered
Painters are here
Dog ate my sandles
Gonna be in after 9am today, walking to work
heart's fucked up today...gonna be late
_ _ miami
have to go see star wars
One hit me
Europe
Was texting and driving on 95 and wrecked my car
Burned out my clutch on the turnpike
I thought it was a holiday - WFH
Paden brought in some 5th world virus and I can't move
Threw my back while sleeping - WFH
Resolving Tax issue
Shopping for new car
Stepping out briefly
The Mouse
I feel a tickle in my throat coming on, will definitely be sick tomorrow
Court Hearing in Texas - WFH
[Friday] -Definitely feel a tickle in my throat, will not be in on Monday
Had dinner last night at birgarden (same guy from last time) - WFH
No wifi at mechanic - WFH - will head to office after
I'm too much of a pussy to take a red-eye flight WFH after 3PM
New Bumper on car - WFH for a week
Need to take delivery of new appliances -WFH
WHF
I feel like shit
Gotta sign for a package - WFH
Dropping dog off at the vet so they can give him the chop - In late
"will be in slightly late because I need to pick up some accessories for a tear in between my toes that also happens to be jammed; ouch.
in belmont, in meetings all day - aw fuck it, i'm going to check out the golden gate bridge
Attending my wife's interior design event in Miami.
Waiting for RC laptop to arrive. They said it would be here 10.30 latest. If it comes that late I'm going to wait for the sitdown meeting at home, as I'll miss it because of traffic. I''ll be in immediately after that!
WFH - Not feeling well. I've been throwing up all night. My son and I got food poisoning or something. I will stay home working.
Car is still in shop. Can't borrow girlfriend or sisters car today. It's supposed to be done tomorrow. I can borrow my sisters car tomorrow, so I will be in the office.
Taking My Car to Firestone Off of Glades - I went to do an oil change and was told theres an oil leak somewhere that needs to be fixed right away.  I will either work from there if they tell it's a quick fix (if they are wifi) or uber back to the office
Working from PR
@ Home Inspection
Flying to FL
I have some delivery coming to the house that I need to be in. I will be online working from home.
Running late Some kind of accident killing traffic
